Aquarium Routines
---
#### Creating an Aquarium Account

New Aquarium accounts can only be generated by Aquarium Admin users. Before creating an account, the new user must attend a Aquarium Users Training Session. Contact Francis Lee (<fglee@mit.edu>) to find out the date of the next Aquarium Users Meeting. Aquarium accounts are generated at the Aquarium Users Meeting.

Once your account has been created, you can change your password by going to the "Account" tab and clicking "Settings". 

#### Logging In and Out

Logging into the Production server and Rehearsal server is done separately. To access the main menu, go to the url: http://52.27.47.110/ for BioCEL students and http://52.36.133.44 for iGEM students.  You can then choose to log into the Rehearsal or Production server. Enter your Aquarium username in the "login" field, and your password in the "password" field. 

To log out of Aquarium, go to the "Account" tab and click "Sign out". 

Note: If you are running Aquarium on a device used by anyone other than yourself, be sure that you are not logged in as another user, and log out after each use.
Note: You cannot log into the Production Server and Rehearsal Server simultaneously, unless one instance is being opened in 'in-cognito' mode on your browser.  

#### Searching for a Sample or Item

Aquarium has a "Search" feature that allows you to look up a particular item or sample (to understand the difference between an item and a sample, see the "Samples and Items" section below). 

To search, click the magnifing glass logo in the upper right corner. 

**Searching by Item Number**

If you know the particular item number of an item, enter the item number in the "Item number" field and click "Goto Item". 

The resulting page will give information about that item regarding sample type, location in the inventory, and history of usage in previous protocols. 

**Searching by Sample Name**

If you are searching for a sample or item by name, enter the sample name (or part of the sample name) in the "Query String" field and click "Find Samples". On that same page, a list will load for all items that include that string in its name. Click on an item number to find information specific to the item (location, history, etc.)

#### Job Logs

There is a record of every job that has been run through Aquarium. To find the job log list, go to "Analytics" and "Job Logs". A particular job can be searched for by protocol name, job number, or user that submitted or performed the job. 

#### Discussion Board

The Aquarium Discussion Board is a good place to ask questions and make requests. If you have a question that is not answered in this document, the discussion board is a good resource, because all Aquarium users will be able to see your posted question and have the opportunity to answer. Urgent questions and requests should probably not go through the Discussion Board.

To post a general question: use the discussion area on the right side on the Aquarium Production main page.

To post about a particular sample, click "Discuss" on the sample page.

To post about a specific protocol click "Discuss protocol" on the Job Log page. If the job is currently running, click the "Actions" tab on the job page, and "Comment". 
